Add contributing guide (#47)
nlesc-recruit/CUDA-wrappers: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing guidelines

Reviewer: It might be nice to link these guidelines from [README.md](README.md), so they are easier to find

A contribution can be one of the following cases:

1. you have a question;
1. you think you may have found a bug (including unexpected behavior);
1. you want to make some kind of change to the code base (e.g. to fix a bug, to add a new feature, to update documentation);
1. you want to make a new release of the code base.

The sections below outline the steps in each case.

## You have a question

1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/CUDA-wrappers/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
2. if your issue search did not yield any relevant results, make a new issue.

## You think you may have found a bug

1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/CUDA-wrappers/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
1. if your issue search did not yield any relevant results, make a new issue, making sure to provide enough information to the rest of the community to understand the cause and context of the problem. Depending on the issue, you may want to include:

>     - the [SHA hashcode](https://help.github.com/articles/autolinked-references-and-urls/#commit-shas) of the commit that is causing your problem;

Reviewer: Isn't this a bit much to ask from a casual contributor reporting a problem?

Author: ```suggestion
    - the version number that is causing your problem;
```
Is this better?

Reviewer: Yes!

    - some identifying information (name and version number) for dependencies you're using;
    - information about the operating system.

## You want to make some kind of change to the code base

1. (**important**) announce your plan to the rest of the community *before you start working*. This announcement should be in the form of a (new) issue;
1. (**important**) wait until some kind of consensus is reached about your idea being a good idea;
1. if needed, fork the repository to your own Github profile and create your own feature branch off of the latest main commit. While working on your feature branch, make sure to stay up to date with the main branch by pulling in changes, possibly from the 'upstream' repository (follow the instructions [here](https://help.github.com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/) and [here](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/));

> 1. make sure the existing tests still work;

Reviewer: Maybe it would be nice to insert a recommendation to make a draft pull request here?

# Contributing guidelines

We welcome any kind of contribution to our software, from simple comment or question to a full fledged [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

A contribution can be one of the following cases:

1. you have a question;
1. you think you may have found a bug (including unexpected behavior);
1. you want to make some kind of change to the code base (e.g. to fix a bug, to add a new feature, to update documentation);
1. you want to make a new release of the code base.

The sections below outline the steps in each case.

## You have a question

1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/CUDA-wrappers/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
2. if your issue search did not yield any relevant results, make a new issue;

> 3. apply the "Question" label; apply other labels when relevant.

Reviewer: Are external people able to add labels to issues?

Author: You're right, you can't. I removed this, and other mentions of adding labels.

## You think you may have found a bug

1. use the search functionality [here](https://github.com/nlesc-recruit/CUDA-wrappers/issues) to see if someone already filed the same issue;
1. if your issue search did not yield any relevant results, make a new issue, making sure to provide enough information to the rest of the community to understand the cause and context of the problem. Depending on the issue, you may want to include:
    - the [SHA hashcode](https://help.github.com/articles/autolinked-references-and-urls/#commit-shas) of the commit that is causing your problem;
    - some identifying information (name and version number) for dependencies you're using;
    - information about the operating system;
1. apply relevant labels to the newly created issue.

## You want to make some kind of change to the code base

1. (**important**) announce your plan to the rest of the community *before you start working*. This announcement should be in the form of a (new) issue;
1. (**important**) wait until some kind of consensus is reached about your idea being a good idea;

> 1. if needed, fork the repository to your own Github profile and create your own feature branch off of the latest master commit. While working on your feature branch, make sure to stay up to date with the master branch by pulling in changes, possibly from the 'upstream' repository (follow the instructions [here](https://help.github.com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/) and [here](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/));

Reviewer: I think [the default branch is called `main` instead of `master`](https://github.com/github/renaming)

Author: Thanks for catching this. It is updated now
